Update what-if-my-subscription-expires.md (#11145)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/commerce/subscriptions/what-if-my-subscription-expires.md

> [!NOTE]
>
> - Adding a new subscription of the same type that was deleted doesn't restore the data that was associated with the deleted subscription.

> > - If a legacy Cloud Solution Provider (CSP) license is suspended, there's no 30-day Expired stage, and services are disabled immediately. Data is deleted after 90 days if the tenant isn't reactivated by adding a new license. For New Commerce (NCE) licenses sold via CSPs the same "expired" state as described in this article applies when subscription are not renewed. See [Subscription Lifecycle](/partner-center/subscription-lifecycle) for more information. When NCE licenses in CSP are suspended, they licenses move into disabled state until 90 days after original subscription term end date.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - If a legacy Cloud Solution Provider (CSP) license is suspended, there's no 30-day Expired stage, and services are disabled immediately. Data is deleted after 90 days if the tenant isn't reactivated by adding a new license. For New Commerce (NCE) licenses sold via CSPs, the same "expired" state as described in this article applies when subscriptions are not renewed. See [Subscription Lifecycle](/partner-center/subscription-lifecycle) for more information. When NCE licenses in CSPs are suspended, their licenses move into a disabled state until 90 days after the original subscription term end date.
```
